Using !Allocate 1.14 (03 Jun 2003)
===============


Contents
--------

        1. Introduction

        2. Running !Allocate
        
        3. Entering your details
        
        4. Requesting items
        
        5. Editing items
        
        6. Saving a request
        
        7. Submitting a request to the allocations service
        

1. Introduction
---------------

The !Allocate application is a general purpose application for submitting
allocation request to the Allocations service.  In the past there have been
three applications that covered the following :-

        !Request -    filetype request
        !Reserve -    name reservations
        !Alloc   -    general allocations (SWI Chunks, Error blocks etc...)

!Allocate combines all the above types of allocations into one application.

An application is used to ensure that all the neccessary information is
submitted for allocations.


2. Running !Allocate
--------------------

To run !Allocate, double click on the !Allocate application in the directory
viewer.  It is advisable to install the !Allocate application on your hard
disc as the application will save your details inside itself (see section 3).


3. Entering your details
------------------------

If details have not been entered before, then when !Allocate is run the
details entry window will be opened on the screen (the details window can
also be opened by clicking on 'Set details' from the iconbar menu).  The
details should be entered in full.

The 'Dev No.' field was historically used for Acorn Registered Developers.
It is not used at present and may be left blank.

To set the details you will need to click SELECT on the 'Save Details' icon. 
To abort the operation you should click SELECT on the 'Cancel' icon.  When
'Save Details' is clicked !Allocate will save the details inside itself, so
your detail will be set whenever you use the application. 

Previous versions of !Allocate would store user details within the
application. Where present, the Choices structures will be used by this
and future versions of the application.

If the details are not entered in full then any request may be rejected.


4. Requesting items
-------------------

To request items you will need to click on the !Allocate icon on the iconbar. 
This will open the list window, which will contain the list of items that you
have requested (to start off the word 'none' appears, indicating that nothing
has been requested).

At the top of the list window there is a button bar that is used to open the
different item windows.  Clicking on a specific button will open the entry
window for that particular item.

Each item window has the following icons :-

  Add -         Clicking on the 'add' icon will add the requested item to the
                list of requested items.  A textual description will appear
                in the list once 'add' has been clicked on.  You will not be
                able to add the item if any of the compulsory fields have not
                been filled in.
                
  Cancel -      Clicking on the 'Cancel' icon will abort the individual item
                request.
                
  Help -        Each item has its own online help file, which describes the
                particular item and how to fill in the fields.  Clicking on
                the 'help' icon will open the help window for the item.
                
                
5. Editing items
----------------

Double clicking with SELECT on any item in the list of allocations will allow
that item to be edited.  Subequent clicking on the 'add' icon will update
that particular item.

Items can be selected by clicking ADJUST on any item.  The selected items can
then be deleted by using the Selection menu.


6. Saving items
---------------

Once you have completed your request you will need to save it and send it to
the allocations service.  You should use the 'Save for email' option to save
messages suitable for emailing to the service.




7. Submitting a request to the allocations service
--------------------------------------------------

Once you have completed a request you should send it by email to the
following address:

        allocate@riscos.com


Submissions, need to be clearly labelled, indicating the senders name,
company name (if relevant) and the contents.

Please note that unlike the some previous allocation applications, you
should not send the whole application to this address when submitting a
request but only the request data file.


8. Confidentiality
------------------

The allocations service is run for the benefit of all developers by an
independent third party. Information submitted will not be distributed to
other developers and will not be provided on demand to any other parties.
The service is intended to provide a centralised means of allocating
resources such that duplicated uses do not occur. Since information about
components under development may be treated as commercially sensitive, no
disclosure will be made to any other parties.


